Add access rework doc, add domain doc (#1026)
kanidm/kanidm: kanidm_book/src/developers/designs/access_profiles_rework_2022.md

value.

### Account Policy

Account policy defines rules on accounts and what they can or can't do with regard to properties and
authentication. This is required for sudo mode so that a group of accounts can be "always in sudo"
mode and this enforces rules on session expiry.

## Access Control Use Cases

### Default Roles / Seperation of Privilege

By default we attempt to seperate privileges so that "no single account" has complete authority
over the system.

Satisfied by:
* Refactor of default access controls
* Filter based groups
* Sudo Mode

#### System Admin

This role, also called "admins" is responsible to manage Kanidm as a service. It does NOT manage
users or accounts.

The "admins" role is responsible to manage:

* The name of the domain
* Configuration of the servers and replication
* Management of external integrations (oauth2)

#### Service Account Admin

The role would be called "sa\_admins" and would be responsible for top level management of service
accounts, and delegating authority for service account administration to managing users.

* Create service accounts
* Delegate service account management to owners groups
* Migrate service accounts to persons

> The service account admin is response to migrate service accounts to persons as it is "yielding"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service account admin is capable of migrating service accounts to persons as it is "yielding"
```
